h1. Awesome Textpattern

A curated list of amazingly awesome Textpattern plugins, resources and shiny things inspired by the "awesome-php":https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php idea.

This list is for the latest version	of *Textpattern 4.5.7*.

h2. Contributing

This list is for the community and curated by it, so please contribute. See CONTRIBUTING for details.

h2. Table of Contents

* "Plugins":#plugins
** "Admin":#admin
** "Comments":#comments
** "Content":#content
** "Forms":#forms
** "Images":#images
** "Navigation":#nav
** "SEO":#seo
** "Social":#social
** "Video":#video
** "Miscellaneous":#misc
* "Resources":#resources
** "Blogs":#blogs

h2(#plugins). Plugins

h3(#admin). Admin

* "hak_tinymce":https://github.com/hakjoon/hak_tinymce - TinyMCE integration for Textpattern.
* "rah_privileges":https://github.com/gocom/rah_privileges - Configure Textpattern's admin-side user-group privileges through the Preferences panel.

h3(#comments). Comments

* "arc_admin_comment_preview":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_admin_comment_preview - Adds a comment preview to admin.
* "jnm_recent_comments_unique":https://github.com/juanjonavarro/jnm_recent_comments_unique - Show latest comments.
* "rah_comments":https://github.com/gocom/rah_comments - Paginated article comments.
* "rah_comment_spam":https://github.com/gocom/rah_comment_spam - Comment anti-spam plugin.

h3(#content). Content

* "glz_custom_fields":https://github.com/gerhard/glz_custom_fields - Unlimited custom fields.
* "smd_tags":https://github.com/Bloke/smd_tags - Unlimited, structured taxonomy across content types.

h3(#forms). Forms

* "zem_contact_reborn":https://github.com/Bloke/zem_contact_reborn - Contact forms.

h3(#images). Images

* "smd_thumbnail":https://github.com/Bloke/smd_thumbnail - Multiple image thumbnails of arbitrary dimensions.

h3(#nav). Navigation

* "adi_menu":http://www.greatoceanmedia.com.au/txp/?plugin=adi_menu - Section hierarchy, section menu and breadcrumb trail.
* "etc_pagination":https://github.com/bloatware/etc-pagination - Paginate everything.

h3(#seo). SEO

* "arc_meta":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_meta - Meta tags to improve site SEO and social marketing.
* "arc_redirect":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_redirect - URL redirect plugin.
* "rah_sitemap":https://github.com/gocom/rah_sitemap - XML sitemap generator.
* "wcz_utf8_url":https://github.com/whocarez-textpattern/Unicode-url-for-Textpattern - UTF-8 permlinks instead of transliterated ones.

h3(#social). Social

Plugins that add social features to Textpattern.

* "arc_social_share":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_social_share - Social bookmarking.
* "TXP Tweet":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/TXP-Tweet - Twitter-Textpattern integration.

h3(#video). Video

* "arc_vimeo":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_vimeo - Easily embed Vimeo videos.
* "arc_youtube":https://github.com/drmonkeyninja/arc_youtube - Easily embed Youtube videos.

h3(#misc). Miscellaneous

* "asy_jpcache":https://github.com/netcarver/asy_jpcache - Full Page Caching.
* "ied_plugin_composer":https://github.com/Bloke/ied_plugin_composer - Create, publish and edit plugins.
* "rah_flat":https://github.com/gocom/rah_flat - Edit Textpattern's database contents and page templates as flat files.
* "rvm_css":https://vanmelick.com/txp/rvm_css.php?help - Static CSS caching.
* "smd_if":http://stefdawson.com/sw/plugins/smd_if - A generic 'if condition' tester.
* "textpattern-installer":https://github.com/gocom/textpattern-installer - Textpattern plugin and theme installer for Composer.

h2(#resources). Resources

Various resources, such as books, websites and articles, for improving your Textpattern skills and knowledge.

h3(#resources-official). Official resources

* "Official website":http://textpattern.com/
* "Textpattern Documentation":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Index
* "Textpattern Forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/

h3(#resources-third-party). Third-party resources

* "Create a Textpattern Theme":http://jamessteel.co.uk/blog/create-a-textpattern-theme - Learn to build a Textpattern theme from scratch in this seven part guide by James Steel
* "TXP Tips":http://txptips.com/ - Tips, tutorials and code examples to help build better Textpattern sites.

h3(#blogs). Blogs

Useful and current Textpattern-related websites and blogs.

* "James Steel":http://jamessteel.co.uk/blog/

h3(#software-integration). Web development software integration

* "Textpattern for Panic Coda":https://github.com/philwareham/Textpattern-for-Panic-Coda
